it's down to David to convince Kenya's
judges that samborose elephants are
worth saving that should there is no
place in Africa in the world where you
can get closer to wild elephants which
is a good given and we have to protect
you guys and this elephants look at them
say hello say hello
absolutely intelligent so easy to care
the camps in this area and it's just
really bad and they kill that seven ton
animal
and then relieve a baby like that and
that baby takes like a week and died but
you know what I'm saying if we stop the
killing now we'll be okay
if the killing continues then it's a
disaster I mean look how peaceful these
animals are and then you actually just
put a bullet through their head and this
is why you're not just killing one
elephant you're killing the whole
family's being a sort of way of the
survival tactics david has shown the
judges how elephant families are
affected by poaching and they seem to be
listening it went excellent it couldn't
get better so I'm so so much excited
about this it's been wonderful
yes I have to do more to make sure that
we protect this is something you can't
replace you can't have a chain in other
countries it is only here